hello everyone and welcome back my name
is David Cottman with dioxide marine
today we're gonna have a look at the
2009 Bayliner - $25 driver with an 8
foot 6 beam and nearly 24 feet in length
it's a large enough boat to hold the
whole family whether you're a large
family growing out of your other boat or
you're just getting into boating this
boat covers all your needs and it also
fits the budget let's jump inside and
start with the cockpit well for 2009
they totally redone the dash and what an
improvement they've got this really neat
aircraft style molding around the
instrumentation which has stainless
steel bezels it's also got this black
paneling in the back with the red
needles it looks pretty cool they've
also added the stereo right here in the
helm where it used to be over in the
glove box they've got the iPod in each
the same as what used to be over there
they've also got power for the iPod
toggle switches are also upgraded now
this has the full flight package so
you've got the upgraded steering wheel
as well and it has a tilt function also
new for 2009 is the standard bucket seat
with the flip up bolster which is
awesome because it gives you great
visibility when you're running the boat
you've got the matching seat over here
on the port side got a very large glove
box ahead of that there's lots of room
for a purse or cell phones on both the
starboard and port side you've got these
really nice fold up bench seats you got
tons of storage underneath here the port
side you got designated cooler storage
they love to maximize space for storage
so they open this up and gave you dry
storage right on the gunnel
both of these pads just slide right out
got a wastebasket here in here these
going son pads come up just like soap
giving you even more storage on both
sides of the engine
in fact they've even given you a place
for your cockpit table when it's time to
do your maintenance on your motor you
just pull this right up and it makes it
super easy to get to the engine do all
your oils or check your fluids this 225
is equipped with the maximum horsepower
it's got the Merkers a 350 mag MPI which
gives you 300 horsepower right at the
prompt even with the boat completely
loaded with people it's still fun to
drive and I jumped into the engine
compartment just to give you an idea how
much storage that really is the 225 has
an all fiberglass floor which is really
great because you have the option of
adding this snap and marine grade carpet
we've got a huge floor Locker here it's
big enough to hold all your water skis
wakeboards every size for everybody in
the family moving forward you've got
this really neat bifold wind down door
it just clicks in like so
up in the bow of the 225 the first thing
I noticed is how big it is super deep
very long a large adult can easily
stretch out on either side and you know
the kids aren't going to bounce out into
the lake
perfect Bayliner form they've added
these huge storage areas underneath the
helm console and the port console you've
even thrown in these portable stainless
cupholders on either side the bench
seats fold up on gas assisted struts
plenty of room for lifejackets or a
first aid kit a a couple of stainless
cupholders here there's two speakers up
front the forward pad pops out and
there's wet storage here and there's a
drain in the bottom could be used as a
cooler the anchor storage is well big
enough to hold as much anchor road and
chain you're gonna need and there's also
a four step stainless ladder which is
optional that folds out the front as
well as a nice stainless catch on the
door this o 9225 is also equipped with
the full flight package from Bayliner
from the bottom up you've got these
really cool f-22 graphics on the outside
of the boat you've got the flight
package tower you've also got the
integrated bimini top upgraded steering
wheel which i mentioned earlier and
you've also got the extended swim
platform the extended swim platform also
has a three step stainless ladder folds
away neatly under here you've also got
this cooler which has a drain in the
bottom this boat actually has the
transom Tunes package as well which
gives you two speakers and a transom
stereo remote you've got these stainless
steel engine vents and it's also got a
sceeto eye right there teamed up with
the 350 mag is the Bravo one drive it's
a heavy duty bulletproof drive that's
gonna put up with any abuse your
family's gonna do to it your 225 a liner
is going to come set up from factory on
this galvanized tandem axle trailer with
brakes it's gonna be rust free for the
lifetime of your trailer this trailer is
also equipped with the heavy duty Fulton
tongue Jack with the oversized wheel the
winch stand is also going to come set up
from factory
well thanks for stopping in to see the
Bayliner 225 as you can see it'll hold a
ton of people follow their gear and it's
surprisingly affordable give us a call
today at two five zero seven six five
three nine nine five david Patman with
dockside marine signing off